so lead all the points we pour and not
choosing to ask love and favor .
years old
very nice to come back to Russia again and
I am impressed with the workout 1 I am
really very happy atmosphere
very nice guys wonderful
the feeling is that I have been here for a long time
I already play at least more
I coached the day
I need a little more time to
recruit 100 percent form but for
the first workout of my physical
state enough
of course and very often that I came to
one of the strongest Russian clubs and me
here because I really wish
speak for cisco
but very happy to be able to sign
such high-quality football players
natcho
this player who will surely strengthen
our team which has brightly recommended
yourself already in the matches of the championship of Russia
an adapted player who can
play in the reference area as in the position
defensive support such
attacking this position today for us
very acutely deficient therefore we are very
We are glad that our team’s outburst
I am sure that in the near future he
will be able to go on the field and bring
big benefit we all wish him big
good luck to our team red and blue itself
to myself